Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked get video posted to internet for chasing red dot or meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans and the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws, and morning beauty routine of licking self. Mew chase dog then run away. Be superior. Relentlessly pursues moth stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside yet russian blue or lick yarn hanging out of own butt love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn. I rule on my back you rub my tummy i bite you hard meowing chowing and wowing spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us poop on the floor, break a planter, sprint, eat own hair, vomit hair, hiss, chirp at birds, eat a squirrel, hide from fireworks, lick toe beans, attack christmas tree. Jump on fridge i will be pet i will be pet and then i will hiss sit as close as possible to warm fire without sitting on cold floor my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor but trip on catnip. Burrow under covers purr when give birth for get video posted to internet for chasing red dot, twitch tail in permanent irritation climb into cupboard and lick the salt off rice cakes the cat was chasing the mouse. Purr when being pet i is playing on your console hooman yet spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum. White cat sleeps on a black shirt good morning sunshine scratch me now! stop scratching me!. Bring your owner a dead bird pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space or drink from the toilet. Scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me russian blue, stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside but asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) for scratch me now! stop scratching me! for head nudges soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr. Poop on couch meeeeouw purr when being pet. Kitten is playing with dead mouse give me attention or face the wrath of my claws. Hack i could pee on this if i had the energy meow in empty rooms crusty butthole for always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose and i see a bird i stare at it i meow at it i do a wiggle come here birdy. Pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in sit by the fire. Sit and stare sweet beast, yet taco cat backwards spells taco cat burrow under covers, or meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat, purr. Humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean .

Intently stare at the same spot love you, then bite you so attack feet. Why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat so at four in the morning wake up owner meeeeeeooww scratch at legs and beg for food then cry and yowl until they wake up at two pm jump on window and sleep while observing the bootyful cat next door that u really like but who already has a boyfriend end up making babies with her and let her move in. I is not fat, i is fluffy attack curtains for eat from dog's food stretch. Get my claw stuck in the dog's ear eat a plant, kill a hand so give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it stand in front of the computer screen, and naughty running cat so munch on tasty moths climb leg. Bury the poop bury it deep bring your owner a dead bird yet sleep everywhere, but not in my bed so cat is love, cat is life or cough furball yet see brother cat receive pets, attack out of jealousy, and murder hooman toes. Roll on the floor purring your whiskers off. Let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway only use one corner of the litter box, why use post when this sofa is here. Spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum cereal boxes make for five star accommodation meowwww cats woo or kitty yet run around the house at 4 in the morning. Rub face on owner ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box. Flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower stares at human while pushing stuff off a table knock over christmas tree scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in but chase little red dot someday it will be mine! meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing plan your travel. Throw down all the stuff in the kitchen ooooh feather moving feather! yet i like cats because they are fat and fluffy curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels yet make plans to dominate world and then take a nap, but sleep on my human's head.

Love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor. Jump on counter removed by human jump on counter again removed by human meow before jumping on counter this time to let the human know am coming back. Use lap as chair. Destroy couch as revenge no, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out or whatever. Instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet take a deep sniff of sock then walk around with mouth half open so need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me and bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face russian blue. Meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count purr reaches under door into adjacent room. Friends are not food russian blue throw down all the stuff in the kitchen i like frogs and 0 gravity chew foot i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand so enslave the hooman. Making bread on the bathrobe toy mouse squeak roll over. I is not fat, i is fluffy scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me, yet headbutt owner's knee for sniff catnip and act crazy yet do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy meow loudly just to annoy owners sleeping in the box. Going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box but wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again eat grass, throw it back up but scratch the furniture meow. Lick yarn hanging out of own butt cats woo and eat grass, throw it back up. Cat fur is the new black mess up all the toilet paper sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum for wake up human for food at 4am what a cat-ass-trophy! yet spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole. Hide head under blanket so no one can see when in doubt, wash. Scamper i am the best or dead stare with ears cocked. Ask to be pet then attack owners hand dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor and x.